Brother, what a coincidence
Drop by and bring you a cup of coffee
But these abs
Do you want to see my brother's recent fitness achievements?
Eight pack abs
This is not good, brother, abs don't like chest and neck
Does Yaoyao like it?
Yaoyao is actually me
It's such a simple truth that it's not a gift.
Does Yaoyao need me to teach you?
The senior brother just gave the junior sister a cup of coffee
Healthy and delicious, right?
Mr. Lu likes my stuff too
Did you make a mistake, Director Du? It's alright.
We also hate withered me the most
Just because you don't like it doesn't mean others don't like it.
You have a point, Director Du
Like I would love to give it a try
Director Du, how can hot coffee have nutritious meals and vegetables?
Hey Yaoyao
How is Mr. Lu?